Ditching X.Org                                                        11/30/2024
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Despite the initial work to bring Xorg to Tin Can Linux, I am deciding to ditch
it in favor of Wayland.


Why? Mainly because Wayland consists of fewer packages overall, which will make
maintenance easier for me in the long term (and allow me to brag that you only
need 56 packages for a graphical environment on Tin Can Linux).


I initially started bringing in Xorg packages with the hope of being different
from everyone else -- I wasn't going to use the full modern Xorg __or__ Wayland,
but rather I was going to use TinyX (sounds cool, right?) as the display server.


Unfortunately, I found out pretty quickly that it wasn't going to work well.
Getting it running was a bit of a nightmare, and even after I was able to make
it display something, the keyboard didn't do anything, and strangely, the screen
wouldn't update unless you switched to another TTY and came back (this wasn't
one-off either; every single screen update had to be forced by switching between
TTYs). And since I had already created a bunch of Xorg packages, I decided to
just finish off the Xorg packages and use full Xorg.


But once I realized that Wayland is a much smaller alternative, and since it's
still fairly early on in the life of Tin Can Linux, I figured that making the
switch would probably be a good choice.


So, I will no longer be maintaining [$/tincan-linux/repo-xorg](https://github.com/tincan-linux/repo-xorg). It will continue
to exist for anyone who wants Xorg however. And, if you have a strong desire to
maintain Xorg for whatever reason, just open an issue on the repo and I will
consider giving access rights to repo-xorg.


Wayland packages are coming soon and will be added to [$/tincan-linux/repo-extra](https://github.com/tincan-linux/repo-extra).
The current plan is to use [$/michaelforney/velox](https://github.com/michaelforney/velox) as the default compositor
(testing is already in progress).


The rest of the project will be updated to reflect this change as soon as
Wayland packages arrive in the repos. Several other unused packages from the
extra repo will probably also be dropped during this transition (moved to xorg
if they are used by Xorg packages, otherwise sent to the graveyard).
