The Future of Tin Can                                                 03/27/2025
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TL;DR this project isn't abandoned, I've just been busy with a real project and
will push more updates in the coming months.

Hey everyone, I realize it's been a while since I've pushed any substantial
updates to the distribution, so I just wanted to give an update to say -- I have
not abandoned this project! I have been extremely busy the past several months
with my research, as I'm working towards a really tight submission deadline for
a journal. Hopefully once that project comes to a close, I'll be able to start
spending some time on Tin Can again.

So, what's next for the distribution? Here are some of my plans:

  - Package changes: shift to some lighter, interesting packages, like:
      - OpenSSL -> BearSSL
      - Bison -> Byacc
      - Flex -> Reflex
      - Meson -> Muon

    etc. None of these changes are guaranteed, they're just ideas for now.

  - File system layout: it would be cool to tinker around with it some more and
    shrink the footprint a bit more.

  - Dependency reduction: less dependencies = cooler! But I'm honestly not sure
    how possible / practical this is yet.

  - Repology: as soon as I push a few more updates to the distribution (most
    likely bugfixes/rename for Arc) I'm planning to put in a request to have the
    repos go up on Repology. That way, I can more easily keep track of package
    updates as they become available.

Stick around and keep an eye on the project if you want to see more! Follow on
GitHub to get updates such as announcements and new updates to the distribution.
I might also see how to create an RSS feed for this news section of the website.

AVS out, for now.